PAGE: Manufacturer of Granite India (/manufacturer-of-granite-india)

[Header / Hero]
Granite Slabs
(Path: Granite Slabs)

[Main Section]
GRANITE COLLECTION
Best Granite Supplier and Manufacturer

Granite is undoubtedly the premier choice of builders and designers across nations. It is used extensively because of its beauty, toughness, and durability. With India offering over 120 available granite colors, the versatility is unmatched. Madhav Marbles and Granites Ltd. is a leading granite supplier with a range of quality granite collections that stays alive over the years. We are one of the best suppliers of granite in India, and pride ourselves for providing outstanding Calibrated Granite Tiles, Granite XL Tiles, and other natural stones.

[ScrollStack Product Display]
(Products from 'granite-slabs' collection displayed in a scroll stack animation)

[Product Grid]
(Products from 'granite-slabs' collection displayed in a 4-column grid with quick-view functionality)

[Madhav Marbles and Granites - Leading Granite Supplier in India]
Our natural stone processing unit for granite operates in Salem, Tamil Nadu, famous for ample reserves of metamorphosed granite stone. Being the leading granite supplier in USA, we try to be nowhere harsh on the environment, as evidenced by our environment-friendly granite machinery imported directly from Italy. We also supply calibrated granite tiles extensively used to design commercial and residential areas.

We offer a range of granite tiles from black to white and from gold to pink. Moreover, we are a leading South Indian Granite supplier in USA, and majorly supply premium granite to countries of Germany, Poland, Slovenia, Slovakia, Austria, along with other parts of the world. These granites are unique and famous for their strength and attractive colors. Popular color choices of South Indian granite include Tan Brown Granite, Coffee Brown Granite, River White Granite, and Paradiso Bash Granite.

Established in 1989, Madhav Marbles and Granites Ltd. is a prominent granite manufacturer in India and exporter, boasting more than three decades of industry experience. Our spirit of innovation sets us apart, and our commitment to unmatched quality and excellence has helped us build a substantial global presence. Our granite slabs and tiles are extensively exported to North America, South America, Canada, Russia, Europe, South Africa, Australia, and the Far East.

[Specifications Table]
(Table section with footer section rendered by TableSection component)

Get the Finest Quality Granite From Top Granite Supplier
Madhav Marbles offers expertise for all your granite needs, whether it's for construction, design, or renovation projects. Our granite products, regarded as the Best Granite in India, are available in various forms, including slabs and tiles, in multiple sizes, suitable for backsplashes, wall cladding, and granite flooring. With exceptional qualities such as toughness, durability, resistance to heat and cold, and stain resistance, granite is ideal for any project. Madhav Marble prioritizes clients by keeping customer relationships healthy to avoid delays and resolve issues immediately.
